Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[eerie music]
[man 1 on radio] I'm telling
you. my homemade beef jerky.
the ultimate Super Bowl snack.
It's protein rich.
[man 2 on radio] Nah. dude.
you're screwing with me.
No. no. no. no.
if there's one snack
for Super Bowl. dude. nachos.
[man 1] Nachos? Really?
Oh. my God. It's too many
carbs. Where's the protein?
[man 2] Why are
you worried about carbs?
Dude. there's-there's protein
in the cheese. dude.
Put some chicken on that.
[man 1] Yeah. yeah. yeah.
All right. so the first time
she has it. right?
I serve up some-some-some
elk meat. and it's working.
-Everything's going great.
-[man 2] You catch that.
-You get that yourself. right?
-[man 1] Yeah. Oh. yeah.
Of course I do. All the time.
I bone it. It's boned.
[man 2] You do boned?
[man 1] Yeah.
Oh. man. All right.
check it out. Check it out.
Soon as she has it.
she gets violently ill.
pukes all over us. pukes
all over the kid's car seat.
We can't go anywhere
for a week!
[man 2] Oh. that's sick. dude.
Oh. no. that's too bad.
That's too bad.
[man 1] Anyway...
[speaking in Mandarin]
[engine whirring]
[wrapperrustling]
[mellow song on stereo]
[singing in Mandarin]
[laughing]
This is Joan Huang.
She came
all the way from China.
Uh. take a seat right
there next to Jeremy.
Everyone. let's rise.
Joan. you can just
listen for now.
[in unison] I pledge allegiance
to the flag of
the United States of America
and to the republic
for which it stands.
one nation under God.
indivisible. with liberty
and justice for all.
Hello.
My name is Joan.
[girl 1] Ew! What is that?
[girl 2] Let's go.
[girls giggling]
[speaking in Mandarin]
[car door opens]
[car door closes]
-Baba!
-[gasps]
[speaking in Mandarin]
[playful grunting]
-[chuckles]
-[speaking in Mandarin]
[speaking in Mandarin]
-[grunting]
-[giggling]
[clears throat]
Roger. I'm sorry. but you have
already agreed to work late.
[speaking in Mandarin]
[Sofia speaking in Mandarin]
[gentle music]
[muffled upbeat song]
[girl 1] Do I just swallow?
[boy] Yeah. yeah.
[distant laughter]
[music continues]
[door opens]
[indistinct chatter]
[girl 2] I actually made it.
[laughter]
[emcee] Prom King and Queen
is more than
just a popularity contest.
Here at Clarksville High.
the Prom Queen and King
represent American values
and who we all strive to be.
So without any further ado.
this year's prom queen
is... Hannah Summers.
[cheering]
[applause]
[music continues]
[crowd] Hannah! Hannah! Hannah!
Hannah! Hannah! Hannah!
Hannah! Hannah!
[make up artist] ...definition.
and I zoomed you in here.
but I like how
I can kind of have
a little bit of room to play.
So I'm taking
that angled brush.
and I'm flicking it outward.
and as you can see.
-I already have my mascara on.
-[notification tone]
I like having my mascara
done first so I really know...
[Olivia] Hi. my loves!
I have some exciting
news to announce.
I just booked the lead role
in a new TV show!
Ah! I can hardly believe it.
I'm still pinching myself.
I do have some
sad news. though.
I'm not gonna be able
to run for prom queen
'cause I'll be on
set. making magic.
-[blows kiss]
-[gasps]
[upbeat song]
[chuckles]
Oh.
♪ Watch me.girls with
the real short bangs ♪
♪ Black eyeliner.
look at me. look at me... ♪
-[Sofia speaking in Mandarin]
-[Brindha] Hey. it's Brindha.
At the beep. hang up
and text me. you weirdo.
-[Sofia speaking in Mandarin]
-Coming!
♪ Black eyelinerlook at me.
look at me. look at me ♪
♪ The girls with
their nails done long ♪
♪ Dance real hot ♪
♪Watch me watch me ♪
♪ I got a past.do we really
need to bring it up? ♪
♪ It isn't bad. but it
is embarrassing enough ♪
♪ Keep on looking if
you're looking for unique ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm an
Abercrombie-looking-ass bitch ♪
♪ And I don't give a fuck.
it isn't bad ♪
♪ But it is
embarrassing enough ♪
♪ Keep on looking if
you're looking for unique ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm an
Abercrombie-looking-ass bitch ♪
♪ And I don't give a fuck ♪
♪Watch me ♪
[quirky music]
-Hey. mom.
-Hey.
[guitar music]
[speaking in Mandarin]
Speak English. mom.
[exhales]
[speaking in Mandarin]
[chuckles] The chorus
sounds good.
[speaking in Mandarin]
[slurping] Mmm. Oh.
Bye. dad.
[laughs]
[Sofia speaking in Mandarin]
-Mm.
-Ah!
[speaking in Mandarin]
[glass bottles clinking]
[lunch box sliding]
[lunch box clanking]
[inhales] Pork floss.
my favorite!
-My bad.
-It's chill.
When are you
gonna talk to him?
He doesn't like me like that.
How do you know if you
never try to kiss him?
Okay. one. I would
never just kiss him.
That's literally
sexual harassment.
And two. I'm perfectly happy
just fantasizing
about his hairless penis.
Ew. Why hairless?
Stop trying to distract me.
Did you watch it?
Watch what?
Bro. the video.
Yes. I did. Chill.
I'm just kidding.
[Joan] You know
what this means?
I could actually win.
Okay. I sound like
a broken record at this point.
but you don't need it.
You just don't think I can win.
No. I just think
it's a waste of time.
Prom queen is worth my time.
When I get back.
you better change your mind.
[upbeat song]
Hmm.
♪ I could get used to this ♪
♪ Yeah. 24/7 drip ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
Hi. my loves.
This is Ms. Valentine.
She's my science teacher
and a fierce advocate
for climate change.
She's actually the president
of the Evergreen Committee.
a nonprofit dedicated
to fighting global warming.
Can you say hi to my followers?
Okay. so as you all know.
I started the Feel the Burn
Challenge three weeks ago
to raise awareness
for climate change.
but really to show how quickly
our skin burns
under the sun now
compared to 30 years ago.
[song continues]
Since then.
I've managed to raise
$1.000 to fight climate change.
Surprise!
How very thoughtful. Olivia.
Okay. I'm gonna need
more out of you.
I'm gonna need more excitement.
Can you scream?
Maybe shed a tear.
talk about how this money
is gonna change your life?
Beautiful. Okay. phone.
Three. two. one.
[students] We love you.
Ms. Valentine!
[camera shutter clicking]
[indistinct chatter]
[laughter]
Gag! Ugh.
I think what Olivia
is doing is altruistic.
Feel the Burn?
You think it's altruistic?
It's fucking stupid. That's
what it is. It's all for show.
Plus. it's fucking racist. too.
You think this brown skin's
gonna burn like that white girl?
All she cares about
is her followers.
So you think Olivia's
racist and stupid?
And cringe.
Very. very cringe.
So help me beat her
friends for prom queen.
[sighs] You are so fucking
stubborn. You know that?
I have a whole plan.
♪ Blah. blah. blah.
blah. blah. blah ♪
Is Nasher Brian
a part of that plan?
♪ Blah. blah. blah ♪
Oh. he's so fucking hot.
Hmm. okay. Joan. let's get it!
Mm. yeah!
-I'd bang. bang his ass any day!
-Mmm. mmm.
-Um...
[singing in Mandarin]
[music switching off and on]
[speaking in Mandarin]
[singing in Mandarin]
[whirring]
Where are we?
[speaking in Mandarin]
-[Harmony] You must be Joan.
-Hi. Mrs. Adams.
You are so pretty.
Do you know that?
Come on in.
Your dad is almost done.
If you wait here.
I made you some tea.
[vacuum cleaner whirring]
[door closes]
[piano music]
We were just in Fujian.
It's where you're from. right?
-[glass shatters]
-[Roger] Oh!
-Roger. what was that?
-Dad?
[Harmony] Oh. my god.
-Oh. my god.
-I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
Accident. A-accident.
[speaking in Mandarin]
-What did he say?
-He is very sorry.
He said it won't happen again.
[sighs]
Oh. God. [exhales]
Nam-myoho-renge-kyo. [exhales]
Okay. I never liked
that print anyway.
But if it happens again.
he will not be able to work here
or for any of my friends
ever again.
Hmm?
[woman] So. uh.
it should close away...
[speaking in Mandarin]
Uh... [speaking in Mandarin]
Okay. okay. okay.
[speaking in Mandarin]
[Sofia speaking in Mandarin]
[groans]
[somber music]
[water running]
[sighs]
[Roger speaking in Mandarin]
[music continues]
[speaking in Mandarin]
[soft music]
[indistinct chatter]
[woman] And now. this year's
Stanwood Park prom queen
is Joan Huang!
[cheering]
[applause]
Oh. my god!
[crowd] Joan. Joan. Joan. Joan.
Joan. Joan. Joan. Joan. Joan.
Joan. Joan. Joan. Joan!
[ominous music]
[alarm ringing]
[playful music]
[Sofia speaking in Mandarin]
Coming.
[upbeat music]
I made cookies.
-Yo. yo.
-Yo.
Sorry about your dad.
Hey. you still have
time to campaign?
I feel horrible for saying this.
but Americans don't clean.
-Hmm?
-Immigrants clean.
I don't wanna be a stereotype.
-[Brindha] Aw.
-What?
You look like a virgin.
-I am a virgin.
-You are.
But people don't
need to know that.
Thankfully. your bestie is
a graphic design genius.
Dude!
Hmm?
Boop!
My lady!
[both] Skadoosh!
[gasps] Oh. it's super sick.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-Nice
-Hi.
Um. vote for me. Joan Hua...
Okay.
Hi. Vote for me. Joan Huang.
Hey. vote for me. please?
[gentle music]
[woman vocalizing]
[breathes deeply]
[groans]
[hisses] Ow! Oh. my gosh.
[plastic cap rustling]
[sighs]
[intriguing music]
Happy Lunar New Year.
Oh. wow.
Looks so. uh. b-badass.
[speaking in Mandarin]
I've gotta get to school.
Okay. mom.
[instrumental music]
[sighs]
Hey! Oh. my god.
-Sorry. [chuckles]
-Olivia. hi!
I thought you were someone else.
Nice hair.
-It's so... wrong. Uh...
-You already said that.
I don't know what else to say.
Why didn't you tell me
you were gonna do this?
It was spontaneous.
I thought. as my friend.
-you'd support my new look.
-I do. It's just...
[Joan] What?
Never mind.
[school bell ringing]
-Hey.
Don't worry. I have
the right person this time.
[laughs]
[Olivia] Feel free to say no.
but a few of us
are getting our nails done
after school.
If you're not doing anything.
you should come.
-Yeah. I'd love to.
-Cool.
[speaking in Mandarin]
[instrumental music]
Yeah. Happy New Year.
Okay. bye.
-[door creaking]
-[bell dinging]
[Olivia] What do you think?
[Greta] I think that would
look really cute on you.
[Olivia] Actually...
[Cat] Yeah. just...
[indistinct chatter]
Okay. [chuckles]
-Hi.
-Hey.
[Olivia] I'm so glad
you could come.
This is Greta. and this is Cat.
What makes it move?
-Cat. babe. Can you take her?
-[Greta] Yeah. come sit down.
-[Cat] Okay.
-Come sit.
-You speak Mandarin. right?
-Yeah.
I-I mean. I'm not
fluent or anything.
But. like. you can speak it?
-Yeah.
-Okay. cool. Come here.
Can you ask her
for the gel deluxe mani
with the full design package?
[gentle music]
Uh...
[speaking in Mandarin]
She said it's $100.
There's. like.
a "locals" discount.
Um... [speaking in Mandarin]
[speaking in Mandarin]
[chuckles]
Um...
[speaking in Mandarin]
Girls. I was doing
a cam read yesterday
with this guy who was like.
a five. if I'm being generous.
We were in the middle
of this audition.
I'm sorry. He was a four.
I have to stop being so nice.
We were in the middle
of this audition.
He's doing a line about. like.
his dead mom or something.
He's looking at me.
He gets a boner.
Greg freaks the fuck out.
The director throws him outside.
I almost lose the part
because some four
with a man bun
can't control his libido.
And I think I need to
break up with Greg.
Your life is so hard.
Have you thought about endorsing
someone for prom queen?
-Why would I do that?
-You're Olivia Hammond.
Whoever you endorse will
probably end up winning.
Imagine the bribes you'll get.
You could even feature
the winner on your channel.
Completely unrelated. my parents
just got me two tickets
to go see Blackbear. Wanna come?
O-M-G. that totally reminds me.
I was cleaning out
my room the other day.
and I was totally
gonna throw this away.
Do you want it?
It's so pretty.
-Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
Speaking of those Blackbear
tix. can I have both?
Yeah.
[Olivia] Hi. my loves.
Okay. two things.
One. we just got
our nails done.
look at how cute they are.
at the super cute nail shop.
Support local businesses.
Two. I've decided I'm gonna
endorse one girl for prom queen.
She's gonna be gorgeous.
someone we all want to be.
irregardless of prejudice.
I'll make my decision in a week.
Let the games begin.
[blows kiss]
-[beeps]
-Thank you so much for coming.
Yeah. of course.
I can see your black roots.
Ew.
[girls laughing]
[beeping]
[quirky music]
[woman 1] This smells so good.
[indistinct chatter]
[man] I don't drink
water anymore.
Strictly green juice.
[woman 2] Oh. my God.
Crystals are ten percent off!
[tense music]
[door creaking]
[Joan] Hello?
[Dexter] Hello. Welcome.
Hi.
I-I don't know if I
have the right place.
[Dexter] Joan Huang?
[instrumental music]
You're in the right place.
Come in.
Don't be shy.
[metal door opening]
If you go through this door.
the nice ladies inside
will help you out.
[instrumental music]
What is this place?
A place where we help you
reach your true potential.
[music continues]
[exhales]
[Nancy] Joan Huang?
[woman 1 on TV] After
the surgery...
-Yes?
-[Nancy] Come in.
Please take a seat. Dr. Singer
will be right with you.
Before the surgery.
not one NBA player
looked my way.
After the surgery.
they're all up in my DMs.
[dings]
[man on TV] Before the surgery.
my girlfriend's parents
did not accept my proposal
to marry their daughter.
But after the surgery.
I pretended
to be someone entirely new.
And now. the wedding's
in July. [chuckles]
Let's just hope we
don't have any children.
[woman 2 on TV] After the
surgery. I was finally promoted
to my dream job
as veterinarian.
Mm.
Even the animals
treat me different.
[Willie] Joan Huang.
[claps hands] Mm.
[woman 1 on TV] After
the surgery.
they're all up in my DMs.
Mmm. I love seeing
young faces in here.
[chuckles] You know
what I always say.
the younger the better.
[inhales] Nancy. cue up
the intro video for me.
Dim the lights.
Have a seat. Joan.
Have you ever walked
into a shoe store
only to have the shop manager
ask you to leave.
even though you make 10 times
as much a year as he does?
Have you ever had someone tell
you how impressed they are.
how well you speak
English without an accent?
Or are you just tired of
the way white folks look at you?
You know what
I'm talking about.
[chuckles] I'm Willie Singer.
I'm one of the founders of
Ethnos Inc.. the first company
dedicated to true equality.
Now. see. I was not
always like this.
Once upon a time. I. too.
suffered the injustice
of being a person of
color in this world.
I fought for basic rights. I was
passed over for promotions.
I was spat on in the street.
and I got so tired of fighting.
But that's when I realized.
if you can't beat them.
be them.
[angelic music]
Let me show you around.
We use cutting-edge technology
called ethnic modification
to change
your skin pigmentation.
We use advanced cell-growth
technology on your face
and your body to alter
your features quickly
and permanently.
No pain. no recovery time.
And to make sure that
the transformation is complete.
even your voice
sounds different.
Voila!
It really is that simple.
Remember. life doesn't
have to be this hard.
What you're describing
is impossible.
Oh. it's a lot. I know.
But I assure you.
it is very much possible.
How?
Come.
[intriguing music]
Nancy used to look like this.
Dexter.
I want you to show Joan
what you used to look like.
It's like a giant weight
has been lifted.
I finally feel like I belong.
[inhales] Different people do it
for different reasons.
This was me ten years ago.
I was a bio engineer
with the number one
health manufacturing firm
in all of America.
I worked hard. I kissed ass.
But I knew from the second that
I was born that my success
would always be limited.
So when the tenth white turd
who only got into Harvard
because of daddy's money got
the promotion I deserved. well.
that's when I realized if
I was gonna have equality.
I was gonna have
to create it myself.
So that's when the three
of us. a bioengineer.
a molecular biologist.
and a biophysicist.
started Ethnos Inc.
And we started it
for people like us
to give us a true. fair shot.
I am so thankful that
you found us early in life.
How does it all work?
The whole procedure
takes about two hours.
You pick the features
that you want.
Everything's customizable.
Since you're a minor. we have
to have a parental signature
before we proceed.
[instrumental music]
-Okay.
-Okay. great.
We're not in it for the money.
We're in it for you.
And since we have
a promotion today.
I would be more than happy
to throw in a hair transplant
free of charge.
Now you can give it a test run.
If you don't like
it. dye it back.
But if you do. bring in
your parental signature
and your deposit.
And we will complete
the transformation.
[ominous music]
No more black roots.
How does that sound?
Welcome.
[machinery beeping]
Come. have a seat. Joan.
Are you ready?
Excellent.
[music continues]
You'll just get a little sleepy.
[gas hissing]
[machinery beeping]
[whirring]
[ripping]
[music continues]
[keys clinking]
[door creaking]
[giggles softly]
[chair screeches]
[plastic cover rustling]
[cutlery clinking]
[speaking in Mandarin]
-[speaking in Mandarin]
-[scoffs]
[speaking in Mandarin]
Mm.
[chair screeches]
[Sofia speaking in Mandarin]
Goodnight.
[squeaking]
[instrumental music]
Ugh.
Okay.
Oh. look. it matches your hair.
[laughs]
Um. Eliza threw a little party
with all of her silly friends.
And I'm pretty sure
somebody puked in there.
Someone did puke in here.
Yeah. Oh. [chuckles]
[sighs] Oh. how is
your father's hand doing?
Not great.
Oh. I'm so sorry to hear that.
Please tell him
if he would like
to have the number
to my hand doctor.
I'm happy to give it.
Okay. he is the best.
And he's doing some
pro bono work right now
because of a DUI.
We're good.
[Harmony] Are you sure?
-Positive. [chuckles awkwardly]
-[squeaking]
Actually. if you would
tell your father
that next week's
clean is canceled.
We are going on
a little vacay to Peru.
There's
an incredible artist there
doing painting on cacao beans
in protest of the children
who risk their lives
during the harvest.
[exhales] It's just so brave.
Cool.
[instrumental music]
Um. okay. [exhales]
[scrubbing]
[sighs]
[clacking]
[upbeat song on stereo]
[tense music]
[keys clacking]
[phone beeps]
[music continues]
[sighs]
[laughter]
[somber music]
[girl retching]
[indistinct chatter]
[laughter]
[ripping]
[sighs]
[ominous music]
[speaking in Mandarin]
[Joan speaking in Mandarin]
Field trip.
[speaking in Mandarin]
[paper rustling]
Sign there.
Hm.
[scribbling]
[Sofia chuckles]
[speaking in Mandarin]
[indistinct chatter on TV]
[Willie] Are you ready?
[soft music]
[sighs]
Okay.
[machinery beeping]
All right. now. you're
just gonna count backwards
from 20 for me. okay?
Twenty. nineteen. eighteen...
[gas hissing]
seventeen...
[upbeat song]
[all cheering]
[applause]
[vocalizing]
♪ It's good to be white ♪
♪ Whoa-oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
[song continues]
[vocalizing]
[machinery beeping]
How are you feeling?
[Joan] It's good to be white.
[chuckles] Isn't that dream
just the best?
[rustles]
[instrumental music]
[inhales] Hmm.
Are you ready to see yourself?
Hmm.
This is my favorite part.
Three. two. one.
[sobbing]
[music continues]
Hi.
[girl] Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Is that you?
[chuckles] No.
Thank you.
[angelic vocalization]
[music continues]
[speaking in Mandarin]
[door closes]
Who are you?
[Sofia] Ha. wrong.
It's me.
[speaking in Mandarin]
Sorry. uh. you have wrong house.
Uh. wrong house.
Please. leave.
Dad. dad. it's me.
-Hey. mom.
-Leave.
Hey. you have a birthmark
on your left thigh.
Uh. your favorite dessert
is the dried taro cake
from down the street.
Uh. I-I. your. your favorite CD.
You were asking me to make
dumplings with you last week.
And. uh. dad. we were writing
a song here a few days ago.
Mom. grandma took this
with me when I was five.
We were sitting right there
when-when you
sliced your hand open.
and we had to sew it up.
and you asked me to take over
your cleaning duties.
I had surgery
to look like this.
-[Sofia speaking in Mandarin]
-[stammering] Y-y-you're...
-You're not my daughter.
-Dad! Dad! Uh...
[singing in Mandarin]
Qiqi?
I knew that
you'd both freak out.
So I. uh. here I got you this.
[Sofia speaking in Mandarin]
Mm.
[speaking in Mandarin]
[exhales]
Mom signed it.
[speaking in Mandarin]
Aren't you guys at least. like.
a little bit happy for me?
I'll finally be treated the same
as everybody else...
get the same opportunities.
I mean. isn't that what
you always wanted for me?
Hey-hey-hey!
[speaking in Mandarin]
[sizzling]
[upbeat music]
[Sofia] Hello?
Hello? Hi.
Mom. there's no one here.
-[bell dings]
-Hi!
-Hello. How can I help you?
-Doctor?
Doctor! Now! [tapping]
Uh. yes. one moment
please. [chuckles]
-Singer.
-[Willie] Hello.
-I'm Dr. Singer. How are you?
-Doctor?
It's so good to...
Oh. how is life treating you?
Do yourself a favor.
Get tickets to
a Michael Bublé concert.
That experience as a white
person will change your life.
Change. Change her.
Change her back.
I am very sorry. um. that you're
unhappy with our services.
Unfortunately. the procedure
is quite permanent.
That's why we require
a parental signature
if they are under 18.
She tricked me. Tricked me.
Our daughter lie.
[dramatic music]
[sighs] I am truly sorry
to hear that.
Unfortunately. even
if that is the case.
there's just nothing I can do.
-It's a. it's a perm--
-Ch-change her back.
Chinese daughter. I want--
-It's a permanent--
-Shh. stop it.
How do you say
permanent procedure?
Per... How do you say permanent?
It's per... It's permanent.
No. I know. but change. please.
-I cannot.
-Change and refund.
-Refund.
-Um. I am very sorry.
[speaking in Mandarin]
-Doctor. [speaking in Mandarin]
-There's nothing you can do.
I am confident that you will
come to understand
how positive a change
that this is gonna be
for your daughter's life
and for your own lives as well.
So much so that perhaps
you and your husband
will come back and get
the surgery yourself.
We do offer family discounts.
Thank you so much
for comin' in.
-No.
-[Willie] Uh. where's security?
[speaking in Mandarin]
-I really do appreciate it.
-Get doctor back.
-Okay. mom. please!
You stop it! Doctor!
[speaking in Mandarin]
I told you. I'm tired of feeling
like I don't belong.
[speaking in Mandarin]
I'm still Joan.
I just gave myself an upgrade.
[speaking in Mandarin]
[crying] Being Chinese was
what made me weak.
[speaking in Mandarin]
And I don't wanna be judged
for somebody that I'm not.
I don't want. I don't
want people to hate me
for things that I haven't done.
Now. whenever I go to school
or I walk into a store.
I don't have to worry
about animosity
or people judging me
because of the way
that my eyes slant.
[speaking in Mandarin]
Huh?
I-I know this is
a surprise to both of you.
but I have been very unhappy
for a very long time.
And I know that you think I'm
erasing my culture or whatever.
but we live here in America.
And now is
the first time in my life
I don't have to be
Asian-American
or Chinese-American.
I can just be American.
[inhales deeply]
[speaking in Mandarin]
-You're wrong.
-[speaking in Mandarin]
The only mistake I made
was not doing this sooner.
Uh. hey-hey-hey.
-Ay.
-[exhales deeply]
[car door opens]
[car door closes]
[speaking in Mandarin]
[exhales]
[alarm ringing]
[instrumental music]
Ah.
[upbeat song]
♪ La-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ Hips start to slip
into a locomotion ♪
♪ Hair flips like
a tornado's comin' ♪
♪ Chasing down the weatherman ♪
♪ Ragin' all the way
to Amsterdam ♪
♪ Sway. sway. sway ♪
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la ♪
[bell rings]
Everyone. this is Jo Hunt from?
California.
[coughs]
Why don't you go find a seat?
Okay. everybody.
let's open up our notebooks
and continue with unit three.
The American Revolution.
[indistinct chatter]
So California. huh?
Are you all into. you know.
juice cleanses and hot yoga?
[chuckles]
How else am I supposed
to look like this?
[instrumental music]
[chuckles]
[laughs]
Look.
[laughing]
I messed up.
Oh. my gosh. no way.
-You did that.
-Oh.
-Apologize.
-I'm sorry.
[Olivia] I'm sorry.
[Greg] Thank you.
-Yeah.
-It's cool.
[chuckles]
That was actually humiliating.
I hate her.
Hey.
Hey. new girl.
Guys. this is Jo. She just
moved here from California.
Oh. no. shit.
-What part?
-LA.
I'm there all the time.
The sunsets are really pretty.
-What brings you here?
-My dad.
He's. like. a movie
producer or whatever.
So I guess he's shooting
a show here.
-What's his name?
-Henry...Hunt.
Henry Hunt.
I've never heard of him.
[laughing]
Really?
[snaps fingers]
Come sit.
I'm Olivia.
-This is my boyfriend. Greg.
-Hi.
[Olivia]
You've obviously met Nash.
-And Greta. Cat.
-Hey.
I'm actually an actress.
I mean. I'm not supposed
to share this yet.
but I did just book
the new lead
-on a superhero show.
-Congrats!
It's. like. it's. like.
so slay of you.
Thank you.
[clattering]
Um...
[laughs] What do you guys think
of Blackbear's new album?
-You like Blackbear?
-Yeah. he's. like. fire.
Super fire.
[instrumental music]
Are you okay? I'm so sorry.
No. you-you're good.
So what are you guys
doing on Saturday?
[gasps] Oh. my God. guys.
-We could go to Mickey D's.
-Mickey D's?
She said Saturday night.
not when hell freezes over.
Um. my brother's got a new
semi-automatic we could try.
[Olivia] What the fuck. Greta?
[Greta] No. in. like. a "girl
power boom boom" kind of way.
My parents are out of town
this weekend.
[woman laughing]
[cheering]
Cheers!
[laughter]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ Savages ♪
[indistinct song lyrics]
Hey. so. I've been meaning
to talk to you. I. uh...
really like you.
[indistinct chatter]
You think Olivia's gonna
endorse somebody soon?
What?
I'll be right back.
[song continues]
Excuse me.
[indistinct chatter]
-[woman 1] Olivia. Over here!
-Um...
[woman 2] I think I've got this.
[overlapping chatter]
Olivia.
[song continues]
[laughter]
[indistinct chatter]
[man 1] Three. two. one.
-Go. go. go!
-[man 2] Go. go!
[screaming]
What the fuck? My phone!
Olivia.
I-I have towels.
Come on.
[Olivia] You're so lucky you get
to borrow your mom's clothes.
Why can't you?
[skin peeling]
[Olivia] She's not
around anymore.
Shit. I'm sorry.
[skin peeling]
Sure your mom won't mind?
Yeah. she won't
even notice it's gone.
Is this her?
Yeah. and my dad.
[phone vibrating]
You have your mom's eyes.
[indistinct song]
[inhales]
What are you gonna do
when this is all over?
Um...
[coughs]
Um... [clears throat]
My. uh. my dad.
he wanted to be a musician.
Uh. before he was
a movie producer. you know?
I guess I...
I guess I wouldn't mind
giving that a shot.
So you go to music school?
[Joan] Yeah.
Write my own songs.
Can you write one for me?
Right now?
Yeah. I mean. actors and
musicians
have to work under pressure
all the time.
[exhales] Yeah.
♪ All eyes on you ♪
♪ Perfection yet so blue ♪
♪ All you've ever
wanted is to be seen ♪
♪ Endorse me for prom queen ♪
[chuckles]
[Slayyyter singing "Venom"]
I know your secret.
Yeah. when you whispered
to those guys by the pool?
Bitch move. but
I appreciate your tenacity.
I like you. Jo.
Prove to me that
you're trustworthy.
you'll get my endorsement.
[exhales]
Um...
♪ Hit you with the venom.
I'ma go and get 'em ♪
♪ Break it while I bend 'em ♪
[phone vibrating]
♪ Uh. what you want?
I'ma fuck it up ♪
I knew it.
-Do I. do I know you?
-I-it's you. isn't it?
I don't know who you are.
but you need to back off.
Admit it. I saw your lunchbox.
What the fuck did you do?
-Joan? Joan?
-Shut up. Leave me alone!
Go away.
Hey. hey. hey!
♪ I'ma party with a nosebleed.
a nosebleed ♪
♪ All these vegan
bitches want beef ♪
It's still the same passcode.
♪ These bitches all
disgust me. disgust... ♪
What happened?
-How?
-I-I don't know. Science.
Now what?
You're stuck like this?
I'm not stuck.
This is what I want.
[chuckles]
All because you want
Olivia's endorsement?
No. because life is easier.
[chuckles] I'm popular.
Nash wants to fuck me.
I called you like
a hundred times. dude.
I went by your house.
I thought you left
without saying goodbye.
[indistinct song]
I'm really sorry.
Yeah.
[Olivia] What are you
doing here?
[woman]
We're here for the party.
[Olivia] This is
a private party.
[woman] Says who?
[Olivia] Me.
-Is this your house?
-[Olivia] No.
But this is my party. You wanna
know whose house it is?
Jo. how about you kindly tell
these party crashers to leave?
Hey. you're being
real rude to my friend.
And last time I checked.
the person who owns this house
is the host of the party.
Your friend. Jo.
personally invited us here.
Jo?
[tense music]
You have to leave.
[indistinct murmurs]
Excuse me?
This is a private party.
And I'm asking
you guys to leave.
[music continues]
You're really doing this?
[scoffs] Let's go. guys.
Fucking waste of time.
Everyone. I have
an announcement to make.
I've finally decided who
I'm endorsing for prom queen.
I'm endorsing...
[music continues]
[mouths]
Jo Hunt.
[door opens]
[music continues]
[door closes]
-[light switch clicks]
-[gasps]
[keys clanging]
[speaking in Mandarin]
All I do is clean
and do school.
How do you translate.
I am miserable?
[speaking in Mandarin]
Just. just-just at
a friend's house.
It's not...
[speaking in Mandarin]
I don't smell anything.
[Roger speaking in Mandarin]
No.
-[speaking in Mandarin]
-It's mine.
-I didn't--
-[speaking in Mandarin]
No. dad. Dad!
I didn't do anything!
-Dad! I didn't. Dad!
-[shouting in Mandarin]
Please!
[speaking in Mandarin]
[door closes]
[unsettling music]
[breathing shakily]
[alarm blaring]
[exhales]
[sighs]
[eerie music]
[skin peeling]
[groans softly]
Uh...
[music continues]
♪ Walking on my face.
left my keys at your place ♪
♪ But my keys are at my place ♪
♪ Walking on my face. walking ♪
♪ Wa-walking on my face face ♪
♪ Running on lady legs ♪
♪ Ru-running on lady legs
I wish I did better ♪
♪ I'm sitting in my room
being bitter a little ♪
♪ I'm big. I'm fat.
I'm a quitter ♪
♪ Build a mirror. disappear.
and pity ourselves ♪
♪ I'm not the lucky one ♪
♪ Everything cool
is already done ♪
♪ Whatever I do
attracts no one ♪
[indistinct lyrics]
[intercom dings]
[woman 1 on PA] Good afternoon.
I will now announce
the students
who were voted
into the prom court.
You will choose your
final Prom King and Queen
from these names.
-Cat Fisher.
-[cheering]
-Bianca Peterman.
[woman 2] Bianca!
-[man laughs]
-[woman 1 on PA] Millie Wolf.
-Is it in alphabetical order?
-[Millie] I can't believe it!
[woman 1 on PA] And last
but not least...
[woman shushing]
-Jo Hunt.
-[gasps]
[cheering]
[applause]
-Oh. my gosh!
-[woman 3] Ah! You're so lucky.
Hey. my loves.
I just took Jo thrifting.
and I found her
the perfect prom dress.
The big reveal will be
in Friday's video.
And more importantly.
I just found out
I got time off set to make
a special appearance at prom
to cheer my girl on.
-[chuckles]
-[phone beeps]
[Olivia] Are you going
to the party on Friday?
[Cat] Hey. Olivia.
I was wondering
if we could go thrifting...
[indistinct chatter]
[somber music]
Hey. Hey.
Hey. can we talk?
Please?
Look at what you've
done to yourself.
How do you think
that makes me feel?
I don't understand.
Okay.
You thought you were ugly. Hmm?
You think I'm ugly. too?
What? No. I. of course not.
[music continues]
Sure. Yeah.
-Good luck at prom.
-You're not goin'?
It'll just be
another clone winning.
[coughing]
[Joan retching]
[toilet flushes]
[breathing heavily]
[unsettling music]
[breathing shakily]
As a white woman. the amount
of things you can get away with
is absurd.
The other day. I claimed my
waiter was a threat to my life.
I received a free meal and a
personal apology from the chef.
[Nancy] How may I help you.
ma'am?
My name is Joan Huang.
and I need to see Dr. Singer.
Of course. dear.
Do you have an appointment?
No. but it's an emergency.
Yes. of course.
Let me just see here.
Dr. Singer's first available
appointment is February 20.
-Great. That's tomorrow.
-[Nancy] Of next year.
-Of next year?
-[Nancy] Yes. ma'am.
Would you like for me
to schedule you in?
No. I. I need to see him now.
Oh. this is a common
side effect. Please hold.
Please spread a thin layer of
cream over the affected areas.
What is this?
When things start to droop.
use one of these little suckers
to pick back up.
-What?
-It's like getting a facelift.
Thank you. Next!
[tense music]
[groans]
-[knocking on door]
-[speaking in Mandarin]
I'm busy!
Hey-hey! [shouting hurriedly]
I'm busy. I'm busy. I'm busy!
[speaking in Mandarin]
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
Yes. what?
[sighing]
[speaking in Mandarin]
[Sofia sighs]
Yeah. but she was a bitch.
I know you're better off working
for somebody else. anyways.
[sighs]
[speaking in Mandarin]
What do you mean?
No.
No. I...
Of course not.
[speaking in Mandarin]
[chuckles] Now you're accusing
me of trashing her house?
[speaking in Mandarin]
No. I can't believe
you would even accuse me
of something like this.
You know. m-maybe you should
take this as a blessing.
Now you can finally learn
English and get a real job.
That's not what I meant.
Dad. I'm sorry.
[speaking in Mandarin]
[footsteps receding]
[somber music]
[music continues]
[giggles]
[speaking in Mandarin]
[sighs]
What are we celebrating?
[speaking in Mandarin]
[cutlery clattering]
[party song]
♪ Let's go.
jump in the middle ♪
♪ Move around
shake it a little ♪
♪ Let's go.
jump in the middle ♪
♪ Move around
shake it a little ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[gasps]
Jo. you look stunning!
-Shut up!
-Oh. my God. you.
It's seriously so boorish.
I'm having so much fun.
I heard you were in a limo.
Yeah. was that. like.
the worst experience ever?
[laughing] I'm so jealous.
Oh. I love this song.
Come dance.
[chill song]
♪ I should've known better ♪
♪ Should've known better
by now ♪
♪ Ah-ah. ah-ah ♪
♪ I should've never ♪
♪ And now I can't
figure it out ♪
♪ Ah-ah ♪
[chuckles]
Are you okay?
Your face is...
[ominous music]
-Uh...
-[chuckles]
[breathing heavily]
Fuck!
Okay. Fuck!
[clattering]
[music continues]
-[Olivia] Hey. gorgeous girl.
-Ah!
We're about to
announce the winners.
Okay.
[breathing shakily]
-Jo. are you okay?
-Yeah. Yeah.
I'm. I'll meet you
right out there.
It's fine.
-Jo. Jo.
-Hey.
Jo.
Hey.
[breathing shakily]
Your old face fights
back at first.
[eerie music]
But it gets better.
[instrumental music]
[music continues]
[man] Settle down. everyone.
Now to announce
the prom queen and king
is Vice Principal Owens.
[music continues]
[Owens] Welcome to
Stanwood Park High's prom night!
[cheering]
[applause]
I have in my hand this year's
winner of prom king and queen.
Just to recap. these are
the nominations for Prom Queen.
Cat Fisher...
[cheering]
Bianca Peterman...
Millie Wolf. and Jo Hunt.
[applause]
And this year's prom queen is...
Jo Hunt.
[cheering]
With that. Jo. come on up here.
Come on up. Jo.
[indistinct chatter]
[uplifting music]
[applause]
[laughs]
[crowd] Jo. Jo. Jo.
Jo. Jo. Jo. Jo.
Jo. Jo. Jo. Jo. Jo.
Jo. Jo. Jo. Jo!
[grim music]
[crowd exclaims]
[ominous music]
[indistinct chatter]
-[retching]
-[screaming]
[thuds]
♪ I love you I love you ♪
[cutlery clanking]
♪ I really love you ♪
♪ I adore you. adore you ♪
♪ Let me in your heart ♪
♪ I need you so badly ♪
[clears throat]
Hey. you're awake.
What happened?
You fainted. Hey. don't worry.
Only a few people in the front
got clear videos.
I'll make sure
they get buried.
My face.
♪ I love you ♪
♪ I really love you ♪
Jo.
♪ Adore you ♪
It'll heal.
It always does.
Oh.
Okay. I know. I know.
[inhales] Oh.
It's not very often we meet
a fellow Ethnos Inc. enthusiast.
[chuckles]
Why don't you stay
for dinner. Jo?
I insist.
Here. Jo.
You can have the leg.
-It's really okay.
-Uh. no need to be polite here.
[chuckles]
Here you go. sweetheart.
-Thank you.
-Here you go. Mm-hmm.
Absolutely.
So. Jo...
how wonderful
is it to be white?
[indistinct song]
Um... [clicks tongue]
what race were you guys
before the surgery?
Uh. we don't use
that word here.
What word?
Race.
Daddy says true equality
knows no race.
Yeah. Yeah.
[chuckles]
Go ahead.
We used to be Cuban.
But when we moved
here from Miami.
Dad thought it would be a
great idea to start a new life.
[Mr. Hammond] When I learned
of Dr. Singer's work.
I immediately demanded to be
one of his first customers.
I just think that he's doing
something that everyone else
is too scared to do.
He's erasing color to
achieve true equality.
[chuckles] I think
that's worthy of a Nobel Prize.
[laughing]
[Olivia] We've referred
five families already.
So. uh. did your parents
have it done as well?
[exhales softly]
No.
Oh.
Oh. that's a shame.
Um. well. you know.
eventually people who don't
share the same ideologies.
uh. they fade away.
[grim music]
Um...
What do you mean?
Well...
[chuckles] you. Olivia. and I.
we believe in equality.
True equality.
We were even willing
to change our. uh.
y-y-you know what.
to achieve it.
People who don't feel the same
way. well. eventually they. uh.
well. they're
no longer in your life.
And good riddance. I say.
[chuckles] I haven't spoken
to my mom in years
because she refused to change.
[Mr. Hammond chuckles]
I mean. it's sad. really.
[music continues]
She could have had all of this.
[cutlery clattering]
You never miss your old life?
Never.
[chuckles]
[slurps]
[Sofia laughing]
[Sofia speaking in Mandarin]
[wistful music]
[clanking]
[music continues]
-[cries]
-Oh.
[sobbing]
[music continues]
[speaking in Mandarin]
Being American...
not the goal.
The goal is opposite.
I stop follow other people.
and I become my own American.
[pensive music]
And you will find
your own American. too.
[sniffles]
[speaking in Mandarin]
I have to try.
[indistinct chatter]
[Willie on PA]
Welcome to Ethnos Inc..
your one-stop shop to
the life you've always wanted.
Be sure to check out
our new locations in Richmond.
Pittsburgh. and Spokane.
And remember.
if you can't beat them.
be them.
Excuse me. excuse me.
[woman] I wanna be white!
I-I need to see Dr. Singer.
[dramatic music]
Hey. hey.
Hey. hey. hey!
Hey. get off of me!
Hey! Get off! Ah!
Hey!
Let me in!
Please.
-Let me!
-[Willie] It's okay.
It's okay.
[sobbing]
I wanna change back.
You read the contract.
It's impossible.
[sobbing] Please. please.
You have been blessed.
There are thousands that would
kill to have what you have.
I am a monster.
[somber music]
[sighs] Uh. how do I put it?
For a new plant to grow...
and flourish.
the seed has to die.
[grim music]
[breathing heavily]
[somber music]
[groaning]
[crying]
[screaming]
[music continues]
[breathing heavily]
[sobbing]
[music continues]
[Goldmyth singing "Faded Dream"]
♪ Island off the coast ♪
♪ Whatever feels
the most like dreaming ♪
♪ It's like you weren't real ♪
♪ Somehow I feel now ♪
♪ When you lay by me ♪
♪ Till morning ♪
♪ It's just a dream ♪
♪ A faded dream ♪
♪ Photographed in time ♪
♪ Every kiss combined
and fleeting ♪
♪ Now that I'm waking ♪
♪ Your voice is fading ♪
♪ When you lay by me ♪
♪ Till morning ♪
♪ It's just a dream ♪
♪ A faded dream ♪
[song continues]
[instrumental music]
[music continues]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm